Ffweb 1454 document keep category path (#227)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/api/ff-asn.api.md

| ---- | ----------- |
| **submit-on-input**&nbsp;(String) **Options**&nbsp;"true",&nbsp;"false" (default: "false") | If this attribute is set to true, the input fields accept values. If set to false, you cannot focus the input fields. |
| **unit**&nbsp;(String) | The unit of measurement. E.g. € |

## `ff-asn-remove-all-filter`
___
### Properties
| Name | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |
| **show-always**&nbsp;(Boolean) |  Defines if the element is only visible when at least one removable filter is set, or always. |

> | **remove-params**&nbsp;(Boolean) | Defines whether the resetting request should only contain a search with the current search query or if it should keep the current parameters like `products-per-page` and `sort` and only remove those parameters that were applied by the ASN (recognizable by the `filter*` prefix). |

Reviewer: Had to read it a couple of times to fully understand. I think the description would benefit from shorter sentences.
What do you think about this one?
```suggestion
| **remove-params**&nbsp;(Boolean) | Setting this attribute removes all parameters (except the search query) from the resetting request. When not set, only parameters that were applied by the ASN (recognizable by the `filter*` prefix) are removed. Other parameters like `products-per-page`, `sort` and custom parameters will be unaffected. |
```

Author: I simply copy-pasted it from the documentation markdown, but I like your version more.
Should we change the other one as well?

Reviewer: Totally missed the other location. But yes, let's change it. It needs it :)
